Generative Models/Interview_Question_Based_on_Resume/README.md, before:

# Text-to-Music Generator

This folder contains a EJS-Based web application that Interview Questions based on our Resume. It also suggests Improvements to be done.

## Features

- **File Input**: Input a file(pdf)
- **Get Interview Questions**: Get the interview Questions based on resume.Every time you reload we get different types of Questions.
- **Improvements**:It also give improvements for the resume. 
- **ATS Score**: It even gives ATS Score Google's Generative AI.

## Installation

1. **Clone the repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/UppuluriKalyani/ML-Nexus.git
    cd Interview_Question_Based_on_Resume
    ```

2. **Create a virtual environment**:
    ```bash
    python3 -m venv music-env
    source music-env/bin/activate
    ```

3. **Install the required packages**:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

## Usage

1. **Run the Streamlit app**:
    ```bash
   npm start
    ```

2. **Open your web browser** and go to `http://localhost:3000` to access the app.

3. **Enter a description** Input your Resume File

4. **Selection** Get Questions and ATS Score

5. **For Improvements** Also get Improvements



## Requirements

- `EJS`
- `Nodejs`
- `Express`
- `Axios`

## Project Structure

- `npm start`: Start the running of the application.
- `package.json`: Installing nesaccary libraries.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

updated the readme for Interview_Questions_Based_on_Resume

Generative Models/Interview_Question_Based_on_Resume/README.md, after:

# Interview_Questions_Based_on_Resume

This folder contains a EJS-Based web application that Interview Questions based on our Resume. It also suggests Improvements to be done.


https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bce45b75-d7b0-4056-ab3d-9a0081b7ed4c

## Features

- **File Input**: Input a file(pdf)
- **Get Interview Questions**: Get the interview Questions based on resume.Every time you reload we get different types of Questions.
- **Improvements**:It also give improvements for the resume. 
- **ATS Score**: It even gives ATS Score Google's Generative AI.

## Installation

1. **Clone the repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/UppuluriKalyani/ML-Nexus.git
    cd Interview_Question_Based_on_Resume
    ```

2. **Install the required packages**:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

## Usage

1. **Run the File**:
    ```bash
   npm start
    ```

2. **Open your web browser** and go to `http://localhost:3000` to access the app.

3. **Enter a description** Input your Resume File

4. **Selection** Get Questions and ATS Score

5. **For Improvements** It also gives answers to our questions.



## Requirements

- `EJS`
- `Nodejs`
- `Express`
- `Axios`

## Project Structure

- `npm start`: Start the running of the application.
- `package.json`: Installing nesaccary libraries.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
